PERSONAL DETAILS

Name		:	Frank Wu (Shexin)			
Gender		:	Male			
Date of Birth	:	Oct 28th, 1987		
Location	:	Beijing			
Email		:	wushexin2006@126.com			
Cell Phone	:	186****0643		
English Level	:	Fluent			


QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY				

	More than 6 years Java server experience. Strong OO programming skills.
	Understand well of TCP/IP and HTTP protocols.
	Experienced with Java 8 and its new features such as Date API,  Internal Iteration.
	Substantial experience in Java Concurrency, optimization and performance tuning
	Experienced with Java web container, such as Tomcat, Jetty
	Experienced with REST-based web services development
	Good understanding of XML and JSON technologies 
	Good at SQL language, familiar with Oracle/Mysql/MSSQL etc
	Good at Regular Expression language
	Understand well Design Patterns, such as Factory pattern and template pattern.
	NoSql solutions, such as mongDB, redis, Tokyo tyrant, Amazon DynamoDB
	Experienced with types of LDAP server, such as IBM Tivoli server, OpenLDAP, Microsoft Acitve Directory and SunOne LDAP server,Understanding LDAP Schema and LDAP world rule
	In-depth understanding of the full life cycle of the software development.
	Experienced with client-side technologies and/or frameworks such as HTML5/CSS, AJAX
	Also have experience on JS frameworks such as jQuery, Zepto,Angular 1.x, BackBone.js, Marionette,EasyUI etc.
	Experienced with Codes management tools such as SVN, Git.
Experienced with JIRA, Confluence software to trace bug. 
	Fluent English communication skill both oral and written. Had Multiple time visited Silicon Valley, USA.
	


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES 	
2016.01 -- Present	Flight Management(航班管家)				Beijing
Tilte: Crawler Research Engineer	
	Responsible for crawling Internation Flight data. Build an multiple thread safe framework to crawl different web site data. that construct by Consume and Produce Queue and Java NIO.	

2012.03 -- 2016.01	Pactera/TIBCO CDC						Beijing
Tilte: Senior Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
	Development for TIBCO B2B cloud products: BusinessConnect on Sliver Fabric, Sliver Fabric is a PaaS cloud product
	Development for Java base product: Trading Community Management
	Development for Java base product: Partner Express
	Development for java concurrent & OSGI program for SAML part that embedded in EXBML product
	Maintain BC core framework codes. 
	Debug and resolve customer issues, that include System optimization, Performance tuning
	Research TIBCO B2B new version of Cloud products, IPass (Integration Platform as a service) 

Projects:
	Project1:		TIBCO BusinessConnect EBXML
Period:	07/2014~07/2015
Project Info:	It’s a BC business protocol that implement EBXML protocol and standard.
SW Environment:	JDK 1.7, Eclipse, Oracle/DB2/SQL server/Mysql ,SVN,JIRA
Responsibilities:
		1) Research SAML standard
		2) Implement SAML part of EBXML 
			a) Create DB schema 
			b) Research OSGI, and define the ClassLoader for loader SAML jars to BC runtime engine.
			c) Make sure the SAML part of function are multiple thread safe the load balance ability.
		3) Give guide line to QA team to help they verify SAML feature of EBXML


	Project2:		TIBCO Silver Fabric Enabler for BusinessConnect
Period:	09/2013~07/2014
Project Info:	It’s the first BC product on Cloud.
SW Environment:	JDK 1.7, Eclipse, Oracle/DB2/SQL server/Mysql , Silver Fabric 5.5,SVN,JIRA
Responsibilities:
		1) Analysis the Product requirement
		2) Research Silver Fabric Product feature
		3) Design Silver Fabric enabler for BusinessConnect product feature
		4) Coding the critical part Java code
		5) Manage the product and assign the job to developer
		6) Communicate with the Department Manager locate at Palo Alto, CA, USA
		7) Communicate with QA team and help they define a test scope for testing Silver Fabric Enabler for BC

	Project3:		Trading Partner Management
Period:	2012.12 – 2013.8
Project Info:	an B/S based product for managing the trading partner 
Responsibilities:
		1) As Lead of this product, we are server team have 6 person.
		2) Research TIBCO Business Event products and Embedded to TPM 
		3) Research AngularJS and work with UX team to made good experience
		4)Designed and created the database tables;
		5) Developed the critical part of cords.

	Project4:		Trading Community Management
Period:	03/2012 – 11/2012
Project Info:	an B/S architecture product for partner to manage he(she)’s trading information, such as protocol, transports, business agreements etc.
Responsibilities:
		1) As the server team leader in CDC , I have to communicate with UX team, QA team and Server team in USA. 
		2) As discussed with UX team, we agreed with transfer the data between server and UI use json, I list all function API for UI, so server team and UX team can develop each other independent. 
		3) I implement  the features include  Self-Registration, Business Agreement, Transports, Management Log, Adults Log and Community News, Customized Host Logo etc.
		4) During this time, my work has been appreciated by the US-leader, so I get one month business training trip to the head office of TIBCO, in Palo Alto ,CA,USA.

2010.07 – 2012.02	UnitedWin Technology Co., Ltd				Beijing
Tilte1: Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
	As a Java program I did a lot here, also work hard, finally become a “Programer”.

Projects:
	Project1:	http://www.uwdress.com/
	Period:	10/2011 – 02/2012
Project Info:	an B to C electronic mall oriented to America and Europe on Dresses
SW Environment:	Linux & Java 1.6, Mysql, PHP, svn
Responsibilities:	Collect data about wedding dresses, generate our own products data after analysis, and then import them into mall management system automatically

	Project2:		sitemasterbus.com Data site project
Period:	05/2011 – 09/2011
Project Info:	Collect data from domain name of alexa.com and markosweb.com, publish on our website after processing.
SW Environment:	Linux & Java 1.6、 Oracle 10G、 PL/SQL developer、Bash Shell
Responsibilities:	Responsible for data collection and analytical storage，including shell and java edition.

	Project3:		infosum.net Translation site group project
Period:	10/2012 – 04/2011
Project Info:	Collect articles from the Internet, translate them into languages of different countries, and then publish them on company’s website.
SW Environment:	Linux & Java 1.6、 Oracle 10G、 PL/SQL developer、Bash Shell
Responsibilities:	Responsible for the development of Multi-threaded, multi-language module, ie, translate articles from local data base into 40 kinds of languages and then saved them into local data base.

EDUCATION

Hunan University of Science and Technology,		2006/09 – 2010/06
Bachelor's, Information and Computing Science

CERTIFICATES
01/2014       TIBCO CDC                                                  Excellect Award
06/2010       Hunan University of Science and Technology                 Outstanding Graduates
03/2010       Sun Certificated Java Programmer   		         Pass (86%)
05/2009       Software Designer     				         Qualified
02/2009       USA Mathematical Contest in Modeling /Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling            Successful Participant
09/2008       China Undergraduate Mathematical Contest in Modeling     National Second Prize
